# RESERVATIONS MACHINE GYM FITNESS BODY FRONTEND

## Project Overview

This project is a frontend application built using Next.js, designed for managing a gym's reservations. It includes components for adding reservations and displaying a list of reservations. The project uses TypeScript, Tailwind CSS for styling, and ESLint for code quality.

## Project Structure

- **.eslintrc.json**: Configuration file for ESLint to ensure code quality and consistency.
- **.gitignore**: Specifies files and directories that should be ignored by Git.
- **Dockerfile**: Configuration file for Docker to containerize the application.
- **next-env.d.ts**: TypeScript declaration file for Next.js.
- **next.config.mjs**: Next.js configuration file.
- **package-lock.json**: Automatically generated file that describes the exact tree that was generated by npm.
- **package.json**: Contains metadata about the project and its dependencies.
- **postcss.config.mjs**: Configuration file for PostCSS, used for transforming styles with JavaScript plugins.
- **README.md**: Initial README file.
- **tailwind.config.ts**: Configuration file for Tailwind CSS.
- **tsconfig.json**: Configuration file for TypeScript.
- **public/**: Directory for static assets.
  - **next.svg**: Next.js logo.
  - **vercel.svg**: Vercel logo.
- **src/app/**: Main application directory.
  - **favicon.ico**: Favicon for the application.
  - **globals.css**: Global CSS styles.
  - **layout.tsx**: Layout component for the application.
  - **page.tsx**: Main page component.
  - **components/**: Directory for React components.
    - **AddReservation.tsx**: Component for adding reservations.
    - **ReservationList.tsx**: Component for displaying the list of reservations.

## How to Run the Project

1. **Clone the Repository**

```sh
git clone https://github.com/BrayanBJ27/gymFrontend.git
```
